hello everyone it's andrew from joy
gamers and here is a sneak peek at blade
slinger coming to take your 3 android
devices this is on the a zhuzh
transformer prime tablet and once we get
started to hear it's a patrols really my
first language does the like half
gesture half tapping on the screen and
they actually get further complicated
down the road and actually have more
spells to cast and all that good stuff
and the option of faster through all the
cutscenes up there
I don't know if you can tell from
channel with the bracket energy pretty
bad
a lot of detail
Oh
ah
now this is a tech demo so obviously for
speech and whatnot is not totally into
the game yet
just go to Daddy actually the one gets
close to you actually
awesome
and shoot him in the face
and there you have it hope you enjoyed
this preview of what time should be out
on Tegra 3 ever devices actually pretty
soon